Update inheritance_and_the_prototype_chain (#30106)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/inheritance_and_the_prototype_chain/index.md

{{jsSidebar("Advanced")}}

> In programming, _inheritance_ refers to passing down characteristics from a parent to a child so that a new piece of code can reuse and build upon the features of an existing one. JavaScript implements inheritance by using [objects](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object). Each object has a [private property](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_properties) which holds a link to another object called its **prototype**. That prototype object has a prototype of its own, and so on until an object is reached with `null` as its prototype. By definition, `null` has no prototype and acts as the final link in this **prototype chain**. It is possible to mutate any member of the prototype chain or even swap out the prototype at runtime, so concepts like [static dispatching](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_dispatch) do not exist in JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In programming, _inheritance_ refers to passing down characteristics from a parent to a child so that a new piece of code can reuse and build upon the features of an existing one. JavaScript implements inheritance by using [objects](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Data_structures#objects). Each object has an internal link to another object called its _prototype_. That prototype object has a prototype of its own, and so on until an object is reached with `null` as its prototype. By definition, `null` has no prototype and acts as the final link in this **prototype chain**. It is possible to mutate any member of the prototype chain or even swap out the prototype at runtime, so concepts like [static dispatching](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_dispatch) do not exist in JavaScript.
```
